---
layout: essay
type: essay
title: My Beginnings to Now
# All dates must be YYYY-MM-DD format!
date: 2021-01-21
labels:
  - Software Engineering
  - Learning
---

  Ever since I was little I've always enjoyed using a computer, the first computer I ever owned was a windows XP, the first online game I ever played was MapleStory, making a bunch of friends outside of Hawaii and the United States, its what sparked my interest in computers. Video games was the bridge to my interest in computers, besides the character development and flashy skills used in video games. I started to slowly become interested in how they made everything, from character movement with a click of a button, amount of damage dealt to me based on level or class, etc. I was still too young at the time and brushed it away saying I will learn about it someday, there was not alot of helpful sites back then to help me to understand like there is now, and I probably would've added more viruses to my windows XP. 2012 to 2016 was the spark of mobile apps with instagram, flappy bird, snapchat, clash royale and many more, these apps became popular and well known, I wanted to make one too, but I placed it to the side because I didn't have money or knowledge of how to startup. Now 2016 I graduated high school and I felt hungry for new knowledge, and thats when I told myself I should try majoring in computer science.

  Throughout my college journey I was still doing my general studies before taking the ICS courses, around 2018 I completed most of my general classes and started taking the ICS classes over the summer. When we were given assignments in Java to print out something out, I would always feel satisfation in ever assignment I completed,it made me want to learn more and to create my own codes. But there were always times I would say to myself I wanted to drop the class, because whenever the assignments would get harder, I would always become hard on myself. But with continued determination I was able to complete all the 100-200 ICS classes.

  At first I didn't know what ICS 314 was going to be about, except for it being one of the hardest classes to take because I have to learn alot by myself, this was told me by my advisor. But after watch and reading about what software engineering is about, I became really interested. I can continue my high school and childhod dream of making an app and a game, because most apps uses JavaScript, HTML, and CSS, which we will be learning about soon. skills that I would like to aquire is having to rely on my memories, than to always check stackoverflow to see how to complete a certain assignment. Another skill I would like to gain is coperation with a group, something I was not able to fulfill in my ICS 100 to 200 classes, because they were all online and I never seen or talked with those people unless it was to respond to them on the fourms for an assignment.
